feat(rest-api-client): support getSpace API (#2582)
kintone/js-sdk: packages/rest-api-client/docs/space.md

# Space

- [getSpace](#getSpace)

## Overview

```ts
const client = new KintoneRestAPIClient();

(async () => {
  try {
    console.log(await client.space.getSpace({ id: "1" }));
  } catch (error) {
    console.log(error);
  }
})();
```

- All methods are defined on the `space` property.

> - All method returns a Promise object that is resolved with an object having properties in each `Returns` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All methods return a Promise object that is resolved with an object having properties in each `Returns` section.
```

> - This method returns a Promise object that is resolved with an object having properties in each `Returns` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All methods return a Promise object that is resolved with an object having properties in each `Returns` section.
```
